UTY-2646: new dotnet version (#1443)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: UPGRADE_GUIDE.md

The `Reader` and `Writer` classes have had their `public Authority Authority` property changed to `public bool HasAuthority`. `HasAuthority` now indicates whether you have authority over the given component or not.

### .NET Core Update

> Tooling for the GDK, in particular the code generator and deployment launcher, has been updated to use [.NET Core SDK v3.1.302](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet-core/3.1). To update, download and install the new version from the link provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GDK, in particular the code generator and deployment launcher, has been updated to use [.NET Core SDK v3.1.3xx](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet-core/3.1). 

To update, download and install the new version from the link provided above.
```
